Question 1: Tell me about a time you failed at work. What did you learn from it?
Answer: Security Vulnerabilities were found in the Online Help due to Javascript. It missed the deadline but I learnt how we have to think at the enterprise-level about a solution and not just create right content for our customers.

Q2: Challenge you faced. Role and outcome?
Answer: Tribal Knowledge. Trying to build your dream house without a blueprint. The challenge was even for a single process to complete, I had to interview multiple SMEs and then document. I devised the strategy of creating a questionnaire. Outcome - Due to well defined process, data scientists could understand the process and logic ripple -effect.

Q3: Disagreed with a Co-worker or Manager?
Answer: So, there was one situation where Manager asked me to create a video of the process, and I had discussed with my stakeholders about the limitations of the KMS, There were multiple limitations on uploading a video. Size issue, Quality issue, load issue. That too to be used by Customer Representatives. Then I listed the Pros and cons list and proposed the solution of creating a GIF. Interactive, movable, yet take up low space.

Q4. Hard Decision under a tight deadline?
Answer. There was one project for which I was assigned Reviewer. The individual working on my team did not send me the documents for review for complete 3-4 weeks. When encountered, he is still in requirement gathering phase. And even clients were asking about the updates and no response. Even though, I was not the face of the project, I felt responsible and accountable. I decided to complete the three pending documents that were long due myself and have the team member for peer review. It was leading by example on how to step up in certain situations even when you've not been assigned the role.

Q5: Tell me about a project where you put customers first?
Answer: No easy way out. Swagger documentation. API documentation. We did not have the required expertise. Upskilled ourselves on the Open API standards 2.0. Learnt nuances of API documentation and also additionally prepared Developer's Best practices Guide. We got so much appreciation for doing it.

Q6: Difficult Customer?
Answer: Knowledge article, but kept getting complaint about articles not having SEO terms to be searhable. We assured them to find the root cause. It was related more towards hosting the article with right taxonomies. Then we started providing Taxonomies along with the article. Within 2 months, the number of views increased per article and then we made sure to standarize the taxonomies and give weightage.

Q7: Best customer service and Why?
Answer: I think Zomato. They understand and stand right by their values. Chatbot design is so extensive and well-built. Make them aware they are important. Fix the problem.

Q8: When customers asked one thing but they required another?
Answer: Customers wanted to standardize the document so that they can share. I understood the painpoints. Field description, Indexing was missing. What they wanted was a knowledge portal.
Searchability issue than the standards issue. 

Q9. Tell me about a job where you did that was not your responsibility
Answer: There was one project for which I was assigned Reviewer. The individual working on my team did not send me the documents for review for complete 3-4 weeks. When encountered, he is still in requirement gathering phase. And even clients were asking about the updates and no response. Even though, I was not the face of the project, I felt responsible and accountable. I decided to complete the three pending documents that were long due myself and have the team member for peer review. It was leading by example on how to step up in certain situations even when you've not been assigned the role.

Q10. Over and above the job role to help the company?
Answer: Hackathon. I volunteered to be part of special task force team. Created business use cases that are relevant to the customers. Power BI Dashboards. Gave presentation to the BU, Mockup screens. thorough understanding of the business Proposition, meaningful use cases. To back use cases with data, i upskilled myself with new tools and lang including PowerBI, DAX, SQL, Product Strategist. It firmed up the incubation scope for 2022. A distinction, unlike any other, I won annual award.

Q11. Made a decision without the approval of boss. 
2021. We had our project kick-off call after winning the POC. Took up project management tasks, estimating my work and sharing the plan of my work with the stakeholders. I learnt various Excel formulae and details that go through. She was dealing with Covid that time. 

Q12. Changed the approach because who were gong to miss the deadline. 
Answer: Persona-based document. Tool procurement was not getting approved. CFO was on leave. So, we decided to rather than giving them a video. in Phase 1, we will supply them persona-based documents and create videos for really high priority issue. The project remained with us longer than the planned date.

Q13. Without the data urgent decision to make? Impact and how would you do it differently

Answer Product Owner was on leave. Acceptance criteria was not well laid out. I talked to developer and applied my own critical thinking and en-user analysis. Saw the code and documented the impact. The analysis was pretty thorough. In retrospective call, I raised the concern Acceptance Criteria, missing details and what all details are necessary. I gave them sample Acceptance Criteria.

Q14. Launch the feature with known risk.
Answer: Tech writing missing features. I added a note at the top, we are overhauling the documentation and missing features will be released soon in upcoming documentation.

Q15. Deadline given to you was early than the expected timeline?
Answer: Beta launch was pushed early with known issues to get an advantage from our competitors. I sought help from the team members. Good thing was I spent so much time on placing standards. 1 hour for 2 weeks. Guesstimate. 

Q16. conflict with a manager
Same answer as Video creation and GIFs

Q17. conflict with the team but went ahead with the proposal
Answer: Story-based approach vs Dignostic feedback. We weighed in on the pros and cons, cost-effective solution and then we went ahead with Diagnostic feedback mechanism and introducing learnings through feedback. 

Q18. Work was criticized.
Answer: A lot of review comments. I newly joined the team, a lot of unknowns were there related to org writing standards, I was immediately put on the project without any training session. Technically correct information but then a lot of to and fro and how I created the checklist.

Q19. Solved a big problem in company. 
Answer: Department was not ready to take up chatbot designing work. FAQs based questions. I took up the task and added that as my goal. Conversation Design Playbook

Q20. Run into obstacles. What did you do?
Answer: Accountability. Stretch myself for a week. Review was more about writing from scratch.

Q21. Redesigned a process and Why?
Acceptance Criteria not well defined. I had a meeting with stakeholders in retro and told them about the expectations from writer's perspective

Q22: Innovative Idea you've ever had
Answer: Persona-based document that talks about Goals, failures, STAR (Situation, Task, Action Result)

Q23. Deep dive into analysis
Answer: One process report that was very complex, high use of advanced Excel features, R Programming, Extractin. I really put a lot of effort on analysis, what each step is so that I can document task procedur effectively.

OR

Collections workflow. I was asked to create a workflow but then interviewing the SMEs

Q24: Tell me about a time when you used a lot of data in a short period of time
Answer. One process report that was very complex, high use of advanced Excel features, R Programming, Extractin. I really put a lot of effort on analysis, what each step is so that I can document task procedur effectively.

Q25: Complex problem.
Answers: Eric SOPs

Q26: Weaknesss
Short-coming. I put a lot of focus on the Reqirement analysis. I do not prefer to rely completely on the knowledge of the SME, FRDs. I really try to do hands-on on the application. Sometimes I have been told a Square but actually it was a cuboid.

Q27. Positive / Strength
     Open to review feedback . It is important to maintain the quality than just being right. 
     
Q28: Two deadline on the same day. How did you manage the situation
A: Release Notes and final production release often go hand-in-hand. Because I like to plan things in digestable doable tasks. I informed my reviewer to be available. A bog advocate of reusing the content.
Reused the same snippets for release notes. Extracted the content and used it in Release Notes. So, I was able to speed up the task.

Q29. How do you prioritize tasks in your current role?
Answer: I am a big believer in providing the document in a phased-manner. Ofcourse, I apply 80/20 rule in general but apart from that I use Planner tools. That helps me keep track of the deadlines approaching soon. Ofcourse, if something has to be delivered on urgent basis, minor adjustments to the plan had to be done.

Q30: Accomplishment
Hackathon, Earning recognition for the department, Globally published my story, Annual award

Q31: Tell me about a time you proposed a non-intuitive solution to a problem and how you identified that it required a different way of thinking
Answer: Persona-based document. Requirement Analysis. I talked to developers/conducted a general survey of what would they prefer

Q32. What was the largest project you've executed?
Answer: I belive the current project Feature enhancement, Portal Creation for developers and Rewriting the existing documents.

Q33. Feedback to peer
Peer review. I provided insights as a third user. Eased Navigation, logical flow of data and scenarios coverage

Q34. Work with Smarter people
Fortunate enough to be surrounded by smart people. I worked with one of my colleagues who was very efficient in Excel. Great learning curve

Q35. Stepped in a struggling teammate
Answer: Reviewer but completed the document and helped to meet the deadline.

Q36: Tell me about a time you accomplished without budget or resources
Answer: Persona-based document lack of video tools available for licensing 

Q37: Simple approach to save cost OR When managing a budget, what are some ways you get more out of less?
Answer: Simple approach SharePoint organization of document. So that it was easy for them to find right documents.

Q38: Career failure
Answer: I would not say it as a failure but a big-time learning. Security vulnerabilities. How you have to think not just about end users and product but also hosting

Q39. Tell me about a project you had performed better and how would you do it differently?
Answer: Started with documentation than focusing on setting the process righ. A lot of follow-ups for review and release notes and invlolvement of Tech writer in Sprint Review was missing.

Q40: Tell me a time that a goal was hard to achieve. What did you learn from that?
Answer: Chatbot Design Playbook. I read many Conversation designing books, Lectures Seminars..

Q41: Tell me about a decision that you made about your work and you regret now
Answer: I did not come across this situation where there were regrets. 

Q42. Tell me about a time when you failed to do the right thing?
Answer: Bring to attention to the managers timely about the gaps in the project. Difficult Reviewer, lack of process adheration. Follow ups. WSR but then timely picthcing of managers would have helped
